README.md, before:

#### Objectives

- Describe abstract and concrete requirements for data structures and algorithms.
- Describe a range of standard data structures and algorithms, in terms of both functionality and performance characteristics.
- By reasoning about behaviour and performance, be able to critically select appropriate data structures and algorithms for a given application within a software proje

#### Assessment Requirements

The application must:
- implement two different standard algorithms that solve the same real-world problem;
- make use of appropriate data structures for the application's needs;
- allow you to compare the performance of the two algorithms as you vary the size of the input data.

#### Planning

**Ideas:**
- DFS vs BFS Algorithm Knight On a Chessboard
    - Find path of a chess piece on a board
    - Need to create script for the chess board
    - All possible moves would be children in the tree
    - Use algorithm to find shortest path
    - Applying that algorithm to find best move from the starting square to the finishing one
    - User would define starting location and finish location
    - Knight can move two squares forward and after either one square right or left
    - Allows it to go anywhere on the board
    - So first use

Commit message:

Added new idea and changing code over to that, now going to do string search rather than the chess idea

README.md, after:

#### Objectives

- Describe abstract and concrete requirements for data structures and algorithms.
- Describe a range of standard data structures and algorithms, in terms of both functionality and performance characteristics.
- By reasoning about behaviour and performance, be able to critically select appropriate data structures and algorithms for a given application within a software proje

#### Assessment Requirements

The application must:
- implement two different standard algorithms that solve the same real-world problem;
- make use of appropriate data structures for the application's needs;
- allow you to compare the performance of the two algorithms as you vary the size of the input data.

#### Planning

**Ideas:**
- DFS vs BFS Algorithm Knight On a Chessboard
    - Find path of a chess piece on a board
    - Need to create script for the chess board
    - All possible moves would be children in the tree
    - Use algorithm to find shortest path
    - Applying that algorithm to find best move from the starting square to the finishing one
    - User would define starting location and finish location
    - Knight can move two squares forward and after either one square right or left
    - Allows it to go anywhere on the board
    - So first use
  
- String Search within Destiny 2 Lore Entries
    - Boyer-Moore vs Rabin-Karp
    - Different size lore posts to check for
    - Menu with options
      - Run both algorithms
      - Run Boyer-Moore
      - Run Rabin-Karp
    - Timers to benchmark each of the algorithms
